[DO NOT MERGE][DPE-6481] Charmhub documentation landing page (#43)
canonical/spark-integration-hub-k8s-operator: docs/landing.md

> # Spark Integration Hub K8s documentation

Author: I made myself a note for update the readme once we get the PR from discourse

> Spark Integration Hub K8s is an open-source [Kubernetes charm](https://juju.is/docs/olm/charmed-operator) that enables the integration of the Charmed Apache Spark solution with existing charms (PostgreSQL, S3-integrator, etc.) or bundles (COS, Identity, etc.) and properly configure the corresponding option in the Spark ecosystem.

Author: Used your suggestion, though I could not commit through the UI and credit you as a co-author because the diff was outdated

> The Spark Integration Hub K8s charm provides centralization for other charmed components and generates the configuration options for the Spark jobs that will be run using Charmed Spark tooling (e.g. Spark-client snap, spark8t library, charmed applications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Integration Hub charm handles relations (integrations) with other charmed operators (PostgreSQL, S3-integrator, etc.) and bundles (COS, Identity, etc.), manages service accounts, updates from integrated charms, and prepares configuration options for Spark jobs.
```
That handles the second question: what the product **does**?

Author: Same, used your (un-credited) suggestion

> The needs met by the Spark Integration Hub K8s charm are the following:
> 
> - Handle relations with other charms and translate them into configuration options that Spark can handle.
> - Store the configuration options in Kubernetes secrets for the service account managed by the Apache Charmed Spark solution (all service accounts are labeled with predefined labels)
> - Handle the addition/removal of service accounts with corresponding updates of configurations.
> - Handle updates from the related charms (i.e., new database credentials, change of endpoints, updated Azure storage credentials.)
> - The configuration hub charm may also be able to create and configure services accounts that can run Spark jobs.

Reviewer: I think this text covers what the product does, rather than what needs it meets.

```suggestion
```

Suggestion:
I'd suggest removing it from here (concentrating on the four main questions) and potentially adding it in the middle section (before the Project and Community). Maybe even with some **instructions on how to deploy and use the charm**.

Author: Removed this altogether. This will be more impactful as how-to entries in the navigation table

> Spark Integration Hub K8s is a solution designed and developed to help teams streamline the setup and hands-on experience of Charmed Apache Spark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Integration Hub charm helps manage integrations and configure Spark jobs for Charmed Apache Spark. It can be useful for teams and engineers using Charmed Apache Spark with multiple integrations to other charms or bundles.
```
That covers 3 and 4: what **need** the product meet and **whom** the product is useful for?

Author: Thanks for the suggestion

Spark Integration Hub K8s is developed and supported by [Canonical](https://canonical.com/), as part of its commitment to provide open-source, self-driving solutions, seamlessly integrated using the Operator Framework Juju.

> Please refer to [Charmhub](https://charmhub.io/), for more charmed operators that can be integrated by [Juju](https://juju.is/).

Reviewer: Are you sure we need these two sentences?
The docs will be published on Charmhub (on the charm's page) and the first one is more suitable for the Project and community section below.
**Suggestion**:
Remove these two sentences.

Author: Removed as part of c77401a737c1cdf029819a2c487d219bc0c059e0

> 

Reviewer: **Issue**:
Consider adding short instructions on how to deploy and use the charm here. This is the most important part of the page but it's missing now.

Author: Added what we have in the readme in 9c2abd62115774e5a88ccc598ffdf782aaf12f79

# Spark Integration Hub K8s documentation

Spark Integration Hub K8s is an open-source [Kubernetes charm](https://juju.is/docs/olm/charmed-operator) that enables the integration of the Charmed Apache Spark solution with existing charms (PostgreSQL, S3-integrator, etc.) or bundles (COS, Identity, etc.) and properly configure the corresponding option in the Spark ecosystem.

> The Spark Integration Hub K8s charm provides centralization for other charmed components and generates the configuration options for the Spark jobs that will be run with the Spark Client snap, abstracting low-level configuration option settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Spark Integration Hub K8s charm provides centralization for other charmed components and generates the configuration options for the Spark jobs that will be run using Charmed Spark tooling (e.g. Spark-client snap, spark8t library, charmed applications).
```

- Handle relations with other charms and translate them into configuration options that Spark can handle.
- Store the configuration options in Kubernetes secrets for the service account managed by the Apache Charmed Spark solution (all service accounts are labeled with predefined labels)
- Handle the addition/removal of service accounts with corresponding updates of configurations.
- Handle updates from the related charms (i.e., new database credentials, change of endpoints, updated Azure storage credentials.)
- The configuration hub charm may also be able to create and configure services accounts that can run Spark jobs.

Spark Integration Hub K8s is a solution designed and developed to help teams streamline the setup and hands-on experience of Charmed Apache Spark.

Spark Integration Hub K8s is developed and supported by [Canonical](https://canonical.com/), as part of its commitment to provide open-source, self-driving solutions, seamlessly integrated using the Operator Framework Juju.
Please refer to [Charmhub](https://charmhub.io/), for more charmed operators that can be integrated by [Juju](https://juju.is/).

> <!--IF YOU WANT TO SEE THIS DOC AS WELL AS FURTHER DOCS IN THE SIDE NAVIGATION OF THE DESCRIPTION TAB OF YOUR CHARM'S PAGE ON CHARMHUB: UNCOMMENT AND UPDATE THE NAVIGATION TABLE BELOW.

Reviewer 2: **todo** I would remove the commented text below as non-relevant. We can always add this part later, when needed

Author: Yes, that makes sense. I wanted to keep it around for when we need to fill it, but it does not help the review at the moment and we know where the template is.
I just left a (much smaller) placeholder in 379927373cf6ed9989b7392a6cf2bd97a8e86d91, so that if someone else take over they will know where to put the TOC

| 2 | resources | [Resources](<link to charm's Charmhub resources tab>)
| 1 | explanation | [Explanation](/t/<discourse-ID>) |

-->

<!--
IF YOU NEED TO REDIRECT FROM AN OLD URL TO A NEW URL, UNCOMMENT AND UPDATE THE REDIRECTS TABLE BELOW ON THE TEMPLATE: | /EXAMPLE-CHARM/docs/OLD-URL | /EXAMPLE-CHARM/docs/NEW-URL |
-->

<!--

# Redirects

[details=Mapping table]
| Path | Location |
| -- | -- |
[/details]

-->

## Project and community

Spark Integration Hub K8s is a member of the Ubuntu family.
It is an open-source project that warmly welcomes community projects, contributions, suggestions, fixes and constructive feedback.

- [Code of conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct)
- [Get support](https://canonical.com/data)
- Meet the community and chat with us on [Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#charmhub-data-platform:ubuntu.com)
- [Contribute](https://github.com/canonical/spark-integration-hub-k8s-operator/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and report [issues](https://github.com/canonical/spark-integration-hub-k8s-operator/issues/new)

<!-- FIXME: Do we share this? Is it just to link to the Jira board?
* [Roadmap](<link>)

> -->

Author: **question**: Do we fill this, or drop it altogether?

Reviewer 2: naaa, let's skip it. I don't think we do have an actual roadmap for spark integration hub

Author: Ok, removed comment in 9eadf2334a547c09e6d34819bd520a4efc138c86. Thanks
